1.
The Book of the Generation of Jesus Christ, the Son of David, the Son of Abraham.
2. Abraham begat Isaac, and Isaac begat Jacob, and Jacob begat Judas and his brethren.
3. And Judas begat Phares and Zerah of Tamar, and Phares begat Ezram, and Ezram begat Aram,
and Aram begat Amenadab, and Amenadab begat Nason, and Nason begat Salmon, and Salmon
begat Boaz of Rechab, and Boaz begat Obed of Ruth, and Obed begat Jesse.
4. And Jesse begat David the king, and David the king begat Solomon of her that had been the wife
of Uriah, and Solomon begat Roboam, and Roboam begat Abiah, and Abiah begat Asa, and Asa begat
Josephat, and Josephat begat Joram, and Joram begat Ozias, and Ozias begat Joetham, and Joetham
begat Achaz, and Achaz begat Ezekias, and Ezekias begat Manasseh, and Manasseh begat Amen, and Amen
begat Josias, and Josias begat Jeconias and his brethren about the time they were carried away
to Babylon, and after they were brought to Babylon, Jeconias begat Silatio, and Silatio
begat Zerubbabel, and Zerubbabel begat Abiyud, and Abiyud begat Eliakim, and Eliakim begat Azor,
and Azor begat Sadok, and Sadok begat Achim, and Achim begat Eliud, and Eliud begat Eliezer,
and Eliezer begat Matan, and Matan begat Jacob, and Jacob begat Joseph, the husband of Mary,
of whom was born Jesus, who was called Christ. So all the generations from Abraham to David
are 14 generations, and from David until the carrying away into Babylon are 14 generations,
and from the carrying away into Babylon unto Christ are 14 generations. Now the birth of Jesus
Christ was on this wise. When as his mother Mary was espoused to Joseph, before they came together
she was found with child of the Holy Ghost. Then Joseph, her husband, being a just man
and not willing to make her a public example, was minded to put her away privily.
But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream,
saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife, for that which
is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost, and she shall bring forth the Son, and thou shalt call
his name Jesus, for he shall save his people from their sins. Now all this was done that it might
be fulfilled, which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Behold, a virgin shall be with
child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Immanuel, which being interpreted
is God with us. Then Joseph, being raised from sleep, did as the angel of the Lord had bidden him,
and took unto him his wife, and knew her not, till she had brought forth her firstborn son,
and he called his name Jesus.